Amazon Stock Price Prediction using Multi-Level Perceptron (MLP)
This project uses a Multi-Level Perceptron (MLP) to predict the closing stock price of Amazon (AMZN). The model is built using Keras and scikit-learn and is trained on historical stock price data.

Table of Contents
Project Overview
Technologies Used
Dataset
Model Architecture
How to Run the Project
Results
Conclusion
Project Overview
The goal of this project is to predict the next day's closing price of Amazon's stock based on previous closing prices using an MLP. This model performs regression tasks by learning the patterns in historical data.

Technologies Used
Python: Core programming language.
Keras: For building the neural network.
scikit-learn: For data preprocessing (scaling, splitting).
NumPy: For numerical operations.
Matplotlib: For plotting graphs and visualizations.
Pandas: For data manipulation and loading the dataset.
Dataset
The dataset consists of historical stock prices for Amazon (AMZN) and can be found at the following link: Amazon Stock Price Data. The target variable is the closing price.

Data Preprocessing
The data is scaled using MinMaxScaler for better performance of the neural network.
The features and targets are split where the input is the closing price on day t, and the target is the closing price on day t+1.
Model Architecture
The MLP consists of the following layers:

Input Layer: 1 node (closing price)
Hidden Layer 1: 64 nodes, ReLU activation
Hidden Layer 2: 32 nodes, ReLU activation
Output Layer: 1 node (next day's closing price), linear activation
The model is compiled using the Adam optimizer and mean squared error (MSE) as the loss function.

How to Run the Project
Clone this repository:
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/CeeBee99/AI_Final_Project.git
Install the required dependencies:
Copy code
pip install numpy pandas scikit-learn keras matplotlib
Run the script:
Copy code
python stock_price_prediction.py
The script will:

Load the stock price data from the provided URL.
Preprocess the data (scaling and splitting).
Train the MLP model on the training set.
Evaluate the model on the test set.
Plot a graph comparing actual and predicted stock prices.
Results
The model predicts the stock price with a Mean Squared Error (MSE) as the performance metric. Below is a sample output plot generated by the script:


Conclusion
This project demonstrates how a simple MLP can be used to predict stock prices based on historical data. While the predictions show promise, further improvements could include adding more features, tuning hyperparameters, or trying different neural network architectures.

This README provides an overview of your project and helps others understand how to use it! Let me know if you want any changes.
